When she met her partner Charles in 1994, their mutual love of dogs led them to co found A1K9 Behaviour and Training Academy that is based just outside Swansea in South Wales; there they trained dogs to the highest standards establishing an international reputation for excellence that led them to provide trained dogs for clients worldwide.

In 2004 Gaynor entered the British Police and Services Canine Association dog trials, this trial has three elements obedience, agility and Protection work to the highest standards, at the time there were no other women in this type of work in the private sector and she was competing against the Army, RAF, Northern Ireland and British Prison Service and different divisions of the Police service. It caused quite a stir when she won the associates cup, the first woman to win this very prestigious award.

During her time dog training she has amassed a wealth of knowledge about dog behaviour and skills introducing large groups of dogs together, which was put to good use when she developed very successful puppy and dog training classes. Her reputation spread as she became known for working with dogs with behavioural problems often integrating them into group training to help rehabilitate them into a better balanced dog.

It is her reputation in this work that has attracted clients to travel long distances, from Scotland at one end of the country to Poole in Dorset at the other. Clients would usually stay in the area for a few days and block book time with Gaynor to work through the behaviour modification programme that she has developed for them. Afterward they stay in touch via email and telephone to enable her to monitor their progress.

Gaynor works with all sorts of problems with all sorts of dogs but she specialises in dog on dog aggression and dog on people aggression, which is very highly skilled canine behaviour rehabilitation training. She has attended seminars with the Canine and Feline Behaviour Association and Middlesex University to expand and develop her knowledge of this highly specialised area of canine behaviour modification.
